Small product updates (#4105)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/ttl.md

---
pcx-content-type: reference
title: Time to Live (TTL)
weight: 3
---

# Time to Live (TTL)

**Time to Live (TTL)** is a field on [DNS records](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/) that controls how long each record is valid and — as a result — how long it takes for record updates to reach your end users.

> Longer TTLs speed up [DNS lookups](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/what-is-dns/) by increasing the chance of cached results, but they also mean that updates to your records take longer to go into effect.

Reviewer: unclear whether "they" refers to TTLs or cached results

> Longer TTLs speed up [DNS lookups](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/what-is-dns/) by increasing the chance of cached results, but they also mean that updates to your records take longer to go into effect.

Author: ```suggestion
Longer TTLs speed up [DNS lookups](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/what-is-dns/) by increasing the chance of cached results, but a longer TTL also means that updates to your records take longer to go into effect.
```
